21-cm line
53 Persei star
Abell cluster
aberration
ablation
abnormal spectrum
absolute magnitude
absolute temperature scale
absorption
absorption coefficient
absorption line
absorption line system
absorption spectroscopy
absorption spectrum
abundance
abundance ratio
acceleration
accretion
accretion disk
achondrite
acoustics
acoustic wave
actinium
active galactic nucleus
active galaxy
active optics
active prominence
active region
active star
active Sun
activity index
adaption
adaptive optics
adiabatic process
adjustment
adsorption
A dwarf
aerolite
aeronomy
Ae star
afterglow
age
A giant
air
air conditioning
airglow
airplane-borne instrument
air pollution
Airy disk
albedo
Alfven surface
Alfven wave
Algol variable star
alignment optics
all-sky camera
all-sky photography
almanac
alpha2 Canum Venaticorum star
alpha particle
altazimuth mounting
altimeter
altimetry
altitude angle
aluminizing
aluminum
aluminum coating
amateur astronomy
AM Canum Venaticorum star
americium
AM Herculis star
ammonia
Amor group
amplifier
amplitude
Am star
analog recorder
analysis
anemometer
angular diameter
angular momentum
angular resolution
angular separation
angular velocity
anisotropy
annual equation
annual parallax
annular eclipse
anomalistic month
anomalistic year
anomaly
ansa
antapex
antarctic observatory
antenna
antenna design
anthropic principle
antimatter
antimony
antineutrino
antinode
antinucleon
antiparticle
antiproton
antireflection coating
apastron
aperiodic comet
aperture
aperture synthesis
apex
aphelion
apocenter
apodization
apogee
Apollo group
apparent intensity
apparent magnitude
apparent position
apparent superluminal motion
apsidal motion
apsis
Ap star
arc
archaeoastronomy
argon
armillary sphere
array
array processor
arsenic
artificial satellite
ascending node
ashen light
A star
astatine
asteroid
asteroid belt
asteroid occultation
asteroseismology
astigmatism
astrobiology
astrodynamics
astrograph
astrographic camera
astrographic catalog
astrolabe
astrology
astrometric binary star
astrometric instrument
astrometry
astronomer
astronomical constant
astronomical geodesy
astronomical optics
astronomical research
astronomical technique
Astronomical Unit
astronomy
astrophysics
A subdwarf
A subgiant
A supergiant
asymptotic giant branch
ataxite
atlas
atmosphere
atmospheric density
atmospheric extinction
atmospheric radiation
atmospheric refraction
atmospheric scattering
atmospheric scintillation
atmospheric tide
atmospheric window
atom
atomic clock
atomic line
atomic physics
atomic process
atomic spectrum
atomic time
attenuation
aurora
auroral arc
auroral jet
australite
auto-correlation
autoguider
automated telescope
automatic patrol telescope
autumnal equinox
auxiliary instrument
avalanche photodiode
axial ratio
axion
axis
azimuth
Baade-Wesselink method
background
background noise
background radiation
Bailey type
bailys bead
Baker-Nunn camera
balloon-borne instrument
Balmer continuum
Balmer limit
Balmer series
barium
barium star
barometer
barred spiral galaxy
baryon
baryonic Dark Matter
basin
B band
B dwarf
beam switching
beam waveguide
beamwidth
bediasite
berkelium
beryllium
Besselian epoch
Bessel photometry
Be star
beta Cephei star
beta Lyrae star
B galaxy
B giant
Bianchi cosmology
bias calibration
Big Bang theory
binary pulsar
binary star
binary system
biology
bipolar galaxy
bipolar group
bipolar nebula
bipolar outflow
birth rate
bismuth
black body radiation
black dwarf
black hole
blank field
blazar
Blazhko effect
BL Herculis star
blink comparator
blinking
BL Lacertae object
blue galaxy
blue loop
blue object
blueshift
blue straggler star
B magnitude
Bodes law
bohrium
Bok globule
bolide
bolometer
bolometric correction
boron
Bose-Einstein nucleus
Bose-Einstein statistics
boson
boundary layer
bound-free transition
Bouwers telescope
bow shock
Bp star
Brackett series
bremsstrahlung
bridge
bright galaxy
bright nebula
brightness
brightness distribution
brightness temperature
bright point
bright star
brillouin scattering
brillouin spectrum
broad band photometry
bromine
brown dwarf
B star
B subdwarf
B supergiant
bubble
bulge
Burkert profile
burst
burster
butterfly diagram
BV photometry
Bw star
BY Draconis star
cadmium
caesium
Ca II emission line
calcium
calcium line
calendar
calibration
californium
camera
camera lens
canyon
Cape photometry
Cape RI photometry
capture
carbonaceous chondrite
carbon burning
carbon
carbon compound
carbon dioxide
carbon disulfide
carbon flash
carbon line
carbon monosulfide
carbon monoxide
carbon nitrogen cycle
carbon star
Cassegrain antenna
Cassegrain focus
Cassegrain telescope
cataclysmic variable star
catadioptric system
catalog
catastrophe theory
cathode
catoptric system
caustic
caustic crossing
CCD detector
CCD observation
CCD photometry
cD galaxy
celestial coordinate system
celestial equator
celestial mechanics
celestial pole
celestial sphere
celsius temperature scale
center
center of mass
central star
centrifugal force
centripetal force
Cepheid
Cepheid distance
Cerenkov counter
Cerenkov radiation
Ceres
cerium
Chandler wobble
Chandrasekhar mass
Chandrasekhar-Schoenberg limit
charge-coupled device
charge-injection device
charge-transfer device
chemical composition
chemical element
chemical evolution
chemiluminescence
chemistry
chlorine
chondrite
chondrules
chromatic aberration
chromium
chromosphere
chronometer
CH star
C I emission
C II region
circular orbit
circular polarization
circumplanetary matter
circumstellar disk
circumstellar dust
circumstellar envelope
circumstellar gas
circumstellar grain
circumstellar matter
circumstellar shell
civil time
classical nova
classical T Tauri star
classification
clean method
clock
close binary star
closed universe
close encounter
cloud
cloud monitor
clumping
cluster
clustering
CNO anomaly
CN star
coating
cobalt
cocoon star
coelostat
coherence
cold Dark Matter
collapse
collapsed star
collapsing cloud
collimation
collimator
collisional excitation
collisional plasma
collision broadening
collision
collision process
collision spectroscopy
collision strength
color
color equation
color excess
colorimetry
color index
color-luminosity relation
color-magnitude relation
color photography
color-redshift relation
color vision
coma
comatic aberration
cometary globule
comet
compact galaxy
compact H II region
compact nebula
compact nucleus
compact object
compact source
companion galaxy
companion star
comparison
comparison lamp
comparison star
component
composite particle
composition
Compton effect
Compton scattering
computer application
computer
computer model
computer program
computer simulation
computing
condensation
conduction
conjunction
constant
constellation
contact binary star
continental drift
continent
continuous spectrum
continuum radiation
contiuum
contour map
contraction
contrast
control system
convection
convective envelope
convective shell
convective zone
cooling
cooling flow
coordinated Universal Time
coordinate system
copper
core
corona
coronagraph
coronal dimming
coronal hole
coronal line
coronal loop
coronal mass ejection
coronal plume
coronal transient
coronal wave
corpuscular emission
correction
corrector plate
correlation
cosmic abundance
cosmic background radiation
cosmic
cosmic electrodynamics
cosmic noise
cosmic ray astronomy
cosmic ray
cosmic ray shower
cosmic ray source
cosmic string
cosmic year
cosmochemistry
cosmochronology
cosmogony
cosmological constant
cosmological distance scale
cosmological model
cosmological parameter
cosmology
Coude focus
Coude spectrograph
Coude spectrum
counter
counting
coupling
crater
cross-correlation
crustal dynamics
crust
cryogenics
cryostat
CS
curium
current
current sheet
curve of growth
cusp crossing
cusp
cyanoacetylene
cyanodiacetylene
cyanogen
cyanogen line
cyanopolyene
cycle
cyclotron radiation
damping constant
Danjon astrolabe
dark adaption
dark cloud
dark-current calibration
Dark Energy
Dark Matter
dark nebula
darkness
darkroom
darmtadtium
DA star
data acquisition
data analysis
database
data center
data processing
data reduction
data retrieval
data storage
DB star
DDO photometry
dead-time calibration
decay oscillation
deceleration
deceleration parameter
Declination
deconvolution
defect
deformation
degenerate dwarf
degenerate matter
degenerate star
delta delphini star
delta Scuti star
dense cloud
densitometer
densitometry
density bounded
density
density distribution
density fluctuation
density perturbation
density variation
density wave model
descending node
design
de Sitter universe
destruction
detached binary star
detection
detector array
detector
determination
deuterium
D galaxy
diagram
diameter
diamond ring effect
dichroic mirror
Dicke radiometer
differential equation
differential image motion monitor
differential rotation
diffraction
diffraction grating
diffraction patterns
diffuse nebula
diffuse radiation
diffusion
digital image
digital recorder
dimension
diode array
diode
dioptric system
dipole antenna
dipole
dirac cosmology
directional antenna
dirty snowball theory
discoloration
discoveries
discrete radio source
dish antenna
disintegration
disk
disk flaring
disk galaxy
disk population
disk star
dispersion
disruption
dissipation
distance
distance indicator
distance measurement
distance modulus
distance scale
distortion
distribution function
distribution in space
diurnal parallax
diurnal phenomena
diurnal variation
D layer
D line
dome
dome seeing
Doppler broadening
Doppler effect
DO star
double galaxy
double-mode Cepheid
double-mode pulsation
double-mode variable star
double quasar
DQ Herculis star
dredge up
drift scan
drift wave
drive
dubnium
dust cloud
dust detector
dust
dust grain
dust nebula
dust shell
dust storm
dwarf Cepheid
dwarf
dwarf galaxy
dwarf nova
dwarf planet
dynamical evolution
dynamical friction
dynamical parallax
dynamical time
dynamics
dynamo theory
dysprosium
early-type emission star
early-type galaxy
early-type star
early-type supergiant
early-type variable star
early universe
Earth
Earth atmosphere
Earth-Moon system
Earth orbit
earthquake
Earth rotation
Earth sciences
Earthshine
eccentric anomaly
eccentricity
echelle grating
echelle spectrograph
echelle spectrum
eclipse
eclipsing binary star
ecliptic coordinate system
ecliptic
ecliptic latitude
ecliptic longitude
ecliptic plane
ecliptic pole
E corona
Eddington limit
edge effect
Edgeworth-Kuiper belt
Edgeworth-Kuiper belt object
effective temperature
e-folding time
E galaxy
Einstein coefficient
Einstein effect
einsteinium
Einstein ring
Einstein universe
ejecta
ejection
elasticity
E layer
electrical property
electric charge
electric current
electric dipole
electric field
electricity
electrode
electrodynamics
electromagnetic
electromagnetic field
electromagnetic forces
electromagnetic interaction
electromagnetic radiation
electromagnetic theory
electron beam
electron density
electron
electronic camera
electronic equipment
electronics
electronographic camera
electron pumping
electron temperature
electrostatic wave
elementary particle
elementary particle scattering
element formation
ellipsoidal variable star
elliptical galaxy
elliptical orbit
emerging flux
emission coefficient
emission line
emission line galaxy
emission line object
emission line star
emission nebula
emission process
emission spectrum
emissivity
encounter
energetic particle
energy content
energy density
energy distribution
energy
energy level
energy source
energy spectrum
energy-transfer
engineering
English mounting
enrichment
enthalpy
entropy
envelope
Ep galaxy
ephemeral active region
ephemeris
ephemeris time
epoch
e-process
equation of state
equation of the center
equation of the equinox
equation of time
equator correction
equator determination
equator
equatorial bulge
equatorial coordinate system
equatorial mounting
equatorial zone
equator position
equilibrium
equilibrium figures
equinox correction
equinox
equinox position
equipotential surface
equivalent width
erbium
e region
ergosphere
error analysis
error
eruption
eruptive binary star
escape velocity
ethane
ethylene
europium
evaporation
event horizon
Evershed-effect
evolutionary track
evolution
evolved star
excitation
exciting star
exosphere
expanding envelope
expanding universe
expansion
explosion
exponential profile
extended object
extended source
extragalactic object
extragalactic radio source
extrasolar planet
extraterrestrial intelligence
extraterrestrial life
extreme carbon star
extreme horizontal branch star
extreme population I star
extreme ultraviolet radiation
eyepiece
Faber-Jackson distance
Faber-Jackson relation
Fabry-Perot interferometer
Fabry-Perot spectrograph
facula
faint blue star
faint galaxy
faint star
false color photography
Fanaroff-Riley class
Faraday effect
far infrared radiation
far ultraviolet radiation
fast Fourier transform
fast nova
F corona
F dwarf
feed
feed horn
Fermi-Dirac nucleus
Fermi-Dirac statistics
Fermi interaction
fermion
fermium
Feynman diagram
Feynman integrals
F giant
fiber optics
fibrill
field corrector
field curvature
field equation
field galaxy
field of view
field star
figuring
filamentary nebula
filling factor
filter
filter wheel
finding chart
finding list
fine analysis
fine structure
fireball
fission
FK catalog system
flare
flare star
flash spectrum
flash star
flat field
flat field lamp
flattening
F layer
flexure
florine
flow
flow instability
fluctuation
fluid dynamics
fluid mechanics
fluorescence
flux density
flux
focal length
focal reducer
focus
Fokker-Planck equation
forbidden line
forbidden transition
forbush effect
force
forecasts
fork mounting
formation
Fourier analysis
Fourier component
Fourier spectrograph
Fourier transform
Fourier transform spectroscopy
fragmentation
fragment
francium
Fraunhofer line
free-bound emission
free-free emission
f region
frequency analysis
frequency distribution
frequency
frequency shift
frequency standard
friction
Friedmann universe
frozen in element
F star
F subdwarf
F subgiant
F supergiant
function
fundamental chemical element
fundamental frequency
fundamental mode
fundamental particle
fundamental plane
fundamental star
fundamental system
funneling
FU Orionis star
fusion
future light cone
gadolinium
Galactic
Galactic anticenter
Galactic bulge
Galactic center
Galactic cluster
Galactic coordinate system
Galactic cosmic ray
Galactic equator
Galactic halo
Galactic latitude
Galactic longitude
galactic nucleus
Galactic plane
Galactic pole
Galactic rotation
Galactic spurs
Galactic structure
Galactic window
galaxy cluster
galaxy content
galaxy count
galaxy distribution
galaxy encounter
galaxy evolution
galaxy formation
galaxy
galaxy group
galaxy merger
galaxy rotation curve
galaxy structure
galaxy void
galilean satellite
gallium
gamma Cassiopeiae star
gamma-ray astronomy
gamma-ray background
gamma-ray burst
gamma-ray line
gamma-ray observatory
gamma-ray radiation
gamma-ray scattering
gamma-ray source
gamma-ray spectrograph
gamma-ray spectroscopy
gamma-ray spectrum
gamma-ray telescope
gas cloud
gas content
gas density
gas distribution
gas dynamics
gaseous disk
gaseous nebula
gaseous sphere
gas
gas to dust ratio
G band
G dwarf
gegenschein
general theory of relativity
Geneva photometry
geocentric orbit
geocorona
geodesy
geoid
geology
geomagnetic field
geomagnetism
geophysical observatory
geophysics
geostationary satellite
germanium
German mounting
gf value
G giant
giant branch
giant branch star
giant elliptical galaxy
giant galaxy
giant
giant molecular cloud
giant planet
giant radio galaxy
glaciology
glass
glitch
global positioning system
globular star cluster
globule
Goedel universe
gold
Goulds belt
grading function
grain
granulation
granule
graph
graphite
graticule
grating response
grating ring
grating spectrograph
gravimetry
gravitating disk
gravitational collapse
gravitational constant
gravitational deflection
gravitational effect
gravitational energy
gravitational equilibrium
gravitational field
gravitational force
gravitational instability
gravitational interaction
gravitational lens
gravitational lensing
gravitational lensing shear
gravitationally lensed source
gravitational microlensing
gravitational radiation
gravitational redshift
gravitational wave
gravitation
graviton
gravity anomaly
gravity darkening
gravity
gravity wave
grazing incidence
grazing incidence spectrograph
grazing incidence telescope
Great Attractor
greenhouse effect
Gregorian calendar
Gregorian telescope
grid
grism
ground-based astronomy
G star
G subdwarf
G subgiant
G supergiant
guide system
Gunn diode
Gunn photometry
g value
gyrosynchrotron radiation
hadron barrier
hadron
hafnium
halation
half-wave dipole
half-wave plate
halo
halo star
H alpha
H alpha emission line star
H alpha photometry
H and K line
Hanle effect
Harman-Seaton sequence
harmonic frequency
Haro galaxy
Hartmann test
hassium
Hawking radiation
Hayashi track
H beta
H beta photometry
HD curve
H delta
head tail galaxy
heat-transfer
heavy element
heavy metal star
He I
height
He II
He III
He II ionization zone
heliocentric correction
heliocentric Julian Date
heliocentric orbit
heliocentric velocity
heliograph
heliometer
heliopause
helioseismology
heliosphere
heliostat
helium burning
helium flash
helium
helium-poor star
helium-rich star
helium shell flash
Helmholtz-Kelvin contraction
Henry Draper catalog
Henry Draper system
Henyey track
H epsilon
Herbig AeBe star
Herbig-Haro object
Hertzsprung gap
Hertzsprung-Russell diagram
Hess diagram
heterodyne
H gamma
H I
H I absorption
Hickson compact group
H I cloud
H I content
H I emission
hierarchical cosmology
high-energy astrophysics
high-energy radiation
high-luminosity star
high-mass star
high-mass X-ray binary star
high-resolution spectrosopy
high-resolution spectrum
high-speed photometer
high-state
high-temperature
high-velocity cloud
high-velocity star
H II
H II region
Hirayama family
H I region
history of astronomy
H line
H magnitude
Holmberg radius
holmium
holmium star
Holtsmark approximation
horizon coordinate system
horizon
horizontal branch star
horizontal parallax
horn antenna
horseshoe mounting
hour angle
HST photometry
Hubble classification
Hubble constant
Hubble diagram
Hubble law
Hubble radius
Hubble Sandage variable star
Hubble Space Telescope
Hubble time
hydrated carbon
hydrocarbon
hydrodynamics
hydrogen burning
hydrogen deficient star
hydrogen
hydrogen line
hydrogen spectrum
hydrostatic equilibrium
hydroxyl radical
hyperbolic orbit
hyperfine line
hypergalaxy
hypergiant
hypernova
hypothetical planet
HZ Herculis star
identification
I galaxy
illumination
image
image processing
image reconstruction
image tube
imaging instrument
I magnitude
impact crater
impersonal astrolabe
inclination
indium
indochinite
inertial coordinate system
inertial reference frame
inflationary universe
infrared astronomy
infrared detector
infrared emission
infrared galaxy
infrared
infrared observatory
infrared photometry
infrared radiation
infrared source
infrared telescope
infrared transmission window
inhomogenity
initial mass function
inner core
inner planet
instability
instability strip
instrumental profile
instrument
integral field spectrograph
integrated magnitude
integration time
intensity
intensity interferometer
interacting binary star
interacting galaxy
interaction
intercloud gas
intercloud matter
interference filter
interference fringe
interference noise
interference spectrosocopy
interference wave
interferometer
interferometric correlation
interferometry
intergalactic absorption
intergalactic cloud
intergalactic gas
intergalactic matter
intergalactic space
interior
intermediate population star
intermediate type star
internal motion
interplanetary dust
interplanetary gas
interplanetary grain
interplanetary magnetic field
interplanetary matter
interplanetary scintillation
interstellar absorption
interstellar bubble
interstellar communication
interstellar dust
interstellar gas
interstellar magnetic field
interstellar matter
interstellar molecule
interstellar reddening
interstellar scintillation
interstellar wind
intracluster matter
intrinsic color
intrinsic variable star
inverse Compton effect
inverse Compton scattering
inverse maser
iodine cell
iodine
ion composition
ion density
ion
ionization equilibrium
ionization
ionized gas
ionizing shock wave
ionosphere
ionospheric scintillation
ion plasma wave
ion temperature
IRAS galaxy
IRAS satellite
iridium
iron
iron meteorite
irradiance
irregular galaxy
irregular variable star
isophotal diameter
isophot
isothermal sphere
isotope
isotopic abundance
isotopic composition
isotropy
Jansky
Jeans length
Jeans mass
jet
J magnitude
Johnson noise
Johnson photometry
Jovian planet
Julian calendar
Julian Date
Julian epoch
jump condition
Jupiter
kappa mechanism
Kapteyn selected area
K corona
k correction
K dwarf
Kellner eyepiece
Kelvin
Kelvin timescale
Keplerian orbit
Kerr black hole
K giant
kinematic parallax
kinematics
kinetic energy
Kirkwood gap
K line
K magnitude
Kramers opacity
Kreutz sungrazer
Kron-Cousins photometry
Kruskal diagram
krypton
K star
K subdwarf
K subgiant
K supergiant
Lagrangian point
lambda eridani star
lamp
lanthanum
Large Magellanic Cloud
large scale structure
laser
laser ranging
late-type dwarf
late-type galaxy
late-type giant
late-type star
late-type subdwarf
late-type supergiant
late-type variable star
latitude determination
latitude
latitude variation
lawrencium
Lb variable star
Lc variable star
L dwarf
lead
Lemaitre universe
lens antenna
lens design
lens
lenticular galaxy
lepton
L galaxy
libration
life
light absorption
light coherence
light cone
light curve
light emission
light interference
light polarization
light pollution
light scattering
light year
limb brightening
limb darkening
limiting magnitude
linearity calibration
line blanketing
line blending
line blocking
line broadening
line formation
line identification
line intensitite
line of sight
line profile
line ratio
liner galaxy
line shift
line spectrum
line width
lithium
lithium-poor star
lithium star
lithosphere
L magnitude
lobe
Local Group
Local Standard of Rest
Local Supercluster
local thermodynamic equilibrium
location behind
location between
location in front
location
log g value
long baseline interferometer
long baseline interferometry
longitude
long period comet
long period variable star
long slit
long slit spectrum
loop
low-luminosity star
low-mass star
low-mass X-ray binary star
low-state
low-temperature plasma
L subdwarf
luminescence
luminosity classification
luminosity class
luminosity-dispersion relation
luminosity distribution
luminosity function
luminosity
luminous arc
luminous blue variable star
lunar dome
lunar eclipse
lunar laser ranging
lunar
lunar occultation
lunar phase
lunar theory
lutetium
Lyman alpha
Lyman alpha forest
Lyman beta
Lyman continuum
Lyman series
macro spicule
macroturbulence
Magellanic cloud
Magellanic stream
magnesium
magnetar
magnetic anomaly
magnetic disturbances
magnetic field
magnetic monopole
magnetic pole
magnetic property
magnetic star
magnetic storm
magnetic variable star
magnetograph
magnetoheliograph
magnetohydrodynamics
magneto-optical effect
magnetosphere
magnetospheric substorm
magnitude
main sequence
main sequence star
major axis
Maksutov telescope
manganese
manganese star
mantle
map
maria
Markarian galaxy
Mars
mascon
maser
mass density
mass distribution
mass exchange
mass flow
mass function
massive galaxy
massive object
massive star
mass-loss
mass-luminosity relation
mass
mass-radius relation
mass-ratio
mass to light ratio
mass-transfer
mathematical analysis
mathematical model
mathematics
matter
Maunder minimum
maximum entropy method
maximum
M dwarf
mean anomaly
mean equinox
mean solar time
measurement
measuring instrument
mechanical component
mechanical property
medium band photometry
megalithic astronomy
megamaser
meitnerium
mendelevium
Mercury
mercury manganese star
mercury
merger
meridian circle
meridian
meridian observation
meson
mesopause
mesosphere
Me star
metagalaxy
metal abundance
metal-deficient star
metal line
metal-poor star
metal-rich star
meteor camera
meteorite crater
meteorite impact
meteorite
meteor
meteoroid dust cloud
meteoroid
meteorology
meteor shower
meteor stream
meteor trail
methane
metonic cycle
metrology
Me variable star
M giant
Michelson interferometer
Michelson interferometry
microchannel plate
microdensitometer
microdensitometry
micrometeorite
micrometeoroid
micrometer
microphotometer
microprocessor
microturbulence
microwave antenna
microwave background
microwave emission
microwave imaging
microwave
microwave radiation
microwave spectroscopy
microwave spectrum
Mie scattering
Milky Way galaxy
millimeter astronomy
millimeter radiation
Mills cross antenna
Milne Eddington approximation
mineral deposit
mineralogy
minimum
minor axis
minor planet family
Mira variable star
mirror cell
mirror
missing mass
MK classification
M magnitude
model
MOdified Newtonian Dynamics
modulation
modulation transfer function
moldavite
molecular astrophysics
molecular band
molecular cloud
molecular hydrogen
molecular line
molecular spectroscopy
molecular spectrum
molecule
molybdenum
momentum
monochromator
Monte Carlo technique
Moon
moonquake
morphology
motion
mottle
moving cluster parallax
m region
M star
M subdwarf
M subgiant
M supergiant
multi-channel detector
multi-channel spectrograph
multi-color photometry
multi-fiber spectrograph
multi-periodic pulsation
multi-periodic variable star
multiple galaxy
multiple mirror telescope
multiple star
multi-slit spectrograph
muon
nadir
naked singularity
narrow band photometry
Nasmyth focus
natural line broadening
natural line width
nautical almanac
Navarro-Frenk-White profile
N-body problem
N-body simulation
nearby dwarf
nearby galaxy
nearby star
near-Earth asteroid
near infrared radiation
near ultraviolet radiation
nebula
nebular filament
negative H ion
neighborhood
neodymium
neon
Neptune
neptunium
Neumann line
neutral density filter
neutral gas
neutrino
neutron
neutron star
Newtonian focus
Newtonian gravitation
Newtonian telescope
N galaxy
nickel
night sky brightness
night vision
niobium
nitrogen
N magnitude
nobelium
noctilucent cloud
node
noise
nomenclature
non-equilibrium flow
non-LTE transfer
non-main sequence star
non-radial pulsation
non-thermal particle
non-thermal radiation
non-thermal source
North Celestial Pole
North Ecliptic Pole
northern hemisphere
North Galactic Pole
nova-like variable
nova
N star
nuclear astrophysics
nuclear fission
nuclear fusion
nuclear physics
nuclear radiation
nuclear reaction
nucleosynthesis
nucleus atom
nucleus celestial object
numerical analysis
numerical integration
numerical method
numerical simulation
nutation
O association
OB association
objective grating
objective
objective prism
oblateness
oblique rotator
obliquity of ecliptic
observational cosmology
observation
observatory
observing technique
OB star
OB supergiant
occultation
occulting disk
oceanography
ocean tide
O cluster
O dwarf
Oef star
Oe star
Of star
O giant
OH absorption
OH cloud
OH emission
OH IR star
OH line
OH maser
OH source
old star
O magnitude
Omega baryon
Omega Lambda
Omega mass
Omega parameter
on-line system
Oort cloud
Oort constant
Oort formulae
Oosterhoff group
opacity
open star cluster
open universe
Opik theory
opposition
optical aberration
optical burst
optical component
optical depth
optical design
optical double star
optical fiber
optical film
optical filter
optical flare
optical glass
optical identification
optical instrument
optical interferometer
optical interferometry
optical material
optical observation
optical observatory
optical outburst
optical pathlength
optical position
optical property
optical pulsar
optical radar
optical scanners
optical spectrograph
optical spectroscopy
optical surface
optical system
optical telescope
optical testing
optical transfer function
optical transmission window
optical waveguide
optical window
optics
orbital anomaly
orbital element
orbital evolution
orbital motion
orbital theory
orbital velocity
orbit determination
orbit
organic matter
organic molecule
orientation
origin
orion population star
orrery
orthohydrogen
orthoscopic eyepiece
oscillating universe
oscillation
oscillator strength
osculating orbit
osculatory element
osmium
O star
O subdwarf
O supergiant
outburst
outer planet
outgassing
overabundance
overtone frequency
overtone mode
oxygen burning
oxygen
ozone layer
pair annihilation
pair production
paleomagnetism
palladium
parabolic antenna
parabolic mirror
parabolic orbit
parabolic reflector
parabolic velocity
parahydrogen
parallax
parallel computer
parametric amplifier
parsec
partial eclipse
particle acceleration
particle accretion
particle beam
particle creation
particle escape
particle interaction
particle
particle production
particle propagation
Paschen-Back effect
Paschen series
past light cone
Paul trap
p branch
P Cygni line profile
peculiar galaxy
peculiar giant
peculiar motion
peculiar object
peculiar star
peculiar variable star
peculiar velocity
pencil beam
pendulum
Penrose process
penumbral filament
penumbra
periapsis
periastron
pericenter
perigee
perihelion
period-age relation
period change
period-color relation
period-density relation
period determination
periodic comet
periodic orbit
periodic variable star
period-luminosity-color relation
period-luminosity relation
period-mass relation
period
period-radius relation
period-spectrum relation
peripheral
perturbation
perturbation theory
petrology
Pfund series
PG1159 star
phase angle
phased array
phase defect
phase difference
phase effect
phase error
phase function
phase rotator
phase sensitive detector
phase shift
phase space
phase switching interferometer
phase switching
phase wave
Phillips band
phosphorescence
phosphorescent scintillation
phosphorus
photocathode
photochemistry
photoconductive cell
photodiode
photodissociation
photoelectric instrument
photoelectric magnitude
photoelectric photometer
photoelectric photometry
photoelectronic device
photogrammetry
photographic astrometry
photographic developer
photographic emulsion
photographic film
photographic filter
photographic instrument
photographic magnitude
photographic material
photographic photometry
photographic plate
photographic processing
photograph
photography
photoheliograph
photoionization
photoluminescence
photometer
photometric element
photometric parallax
photometric standard star
photometric system
photometry
photomultiplier tube
photon counting system
photon
photosphere
photovisual magnitude
photovoltaic cell
physical constant
pion
pitch angle
pixel
plage
Planck black body formula
Planck constant
plane polarization
planetarium
planetar
planetary alignment
planetary microlensing
planetary nebula
planetary
planetary ring
planetary system
planetary theory
planetesimal
planetology
planet
planet satellite
plasma cloud
plasma jet
plasma loop
plasmapause
plasma physics
plasma
plasma wave
platinum
Pluto
plutonium
P magnitude
Pogson scale
Poincare theorem
pointing accuracy
pointing error
point spread function
polar axis
polar cap
polar diagram
polarimeter
polarimetry
polarization charge separation
polarized light
polarized radiation
polar motion
polar orbit
polar region
polar tide
pole
polishing
pollution
polonium
polycyclic hydrocarbon
polytrope
population II Cepheid
population III star
population II star
population inversion
population I star
position angle
position
position sensitive proportional counter
positron
post-asymptotic giant branch
post-main sequence star
potassium
potential energy
potential theory
power
Poynting-Robertson effect
p process
praseodymium
preamplifier
precession
precision
precursor pulse
prediction
pre-Galactic star
pre-main sequence star
pre-nova
pre-solar nebula
pressure broadening
pressure
pre-supernova
primary lens
primary mirror
primary star
prime focus
primordial fireball
primordial galaxy
prism
prism spectrograph
profile
progenitor
promethium
prominence
propagation
proper motion
property
proportional counter
protactinium
protocluster
protogalaxy
proton
proton-proton reaction
protoplanetary nebula
protoplanet
protostar
pulsar
pulsating variable star
pulsation mode
pulsation
pulsation theory
pulse counter
pulse counting
pulse duration
pulse energy
pulse intensity
pulse profile
pulse
pulse structure
pulse width
pulse window
Purkinje effect
q branch
Q magnitude
quadrant detector
quadrant
quadrature
quanta
quantization
quantum cosmology
quantum efficiency
quantum field theory
quantum mechanics
quantum theory
quark
quarter wave plate
quasar galaxy pair
quasar microlensing
quasar
quiescent prominence
quiet Sun
radar astronomy
radar equipment
radar mapping
radar
radar telescope
radial pulsation
radial velocity
radiant meteor
radiant moving cluster
radiation belt
radiation damping
radiation field
radiation mechanism
radiation pressure
radiation
radiation scattering
radiative braking
radiative equilibrium
radiative recombination
radiative transfer
radical
radio absorption
radioactive decay
radioactivity
radio antenna
radio astrometry
radio astronomy
radio background
radio burst
radio core
radio emission
radio flare
radio frequency
radio galaxy
radioheliograph
radio interference
radio interferometer
radio interferometry
radio jet
radiometer
radiometry
radio observatory
radio occultation
radio pulsar
radio quiet quasar
radio radiation
radio recombination line
radio source catalog
radio source count
radio source
radio spectrograph
radio spectroscopy
radio spectrum
radio star
radio structure
radio telescope
radio transmission window
radio waveguide
radium
radius-luminosity relation
radon
RAID array
Raman effect
Raman scattering
Raman spectroscopy
Raman spectrum
Ramsden eyepiece
range finder
Rankine-Hugoniot relation
rapid burst
rapid oscillation
rare earth
R association
ratio
Rayleigh
Rayleigh criterion
Rayleigh limit
Rayleigh number
Rayleigh scattering
Rayleigh-Taylor instability
ray
Razin effect
R Canis Majoris star
R Coronae Borealis star
read out noise
real anomaly
receiver
recombination line
recombination
recurrent nova
reddened star
reddening law
reddening
red dwarf flare star
red dwarf
red giant bump
red giant clump
red giant
red giant tip
redshift distance relation
redshift magnitude relation
redshift
red star
red supergiant
reduction method
reference frame
reference system
reflecting telescope
reflection grating
reflection nebula
reflection
reflector antenna
refracting telescope
refraction angle
refraction
refractive index
regression of node
relativistic astrophysics
relativistic cosmology
relativistic disk
relativistic effect
relativistic electron
relativistic fluid dynamics
relativistic mechanics
relativistic particle
relativistic plasma
relativistic star
relativistic velocity
relativity
relaxation time
remote control system
remote sensing
research
reseaux
residual intensity
resolution
resonance gap
resonance line
retardation
reticle
reticon array
rgb photometry
RGB tip distance
rgu photometry
rhenium
rho Cassiopeiae star
rhodium
Right Ascension
rigid body rotation
rill
ring division
ring galaxy
ring nebula
ring
Ritchey-Chretien telescope
R magnitude
Roche limit
Roche lobe
rocket-borne instrument
roentgenium
Rosseland opacity
rotating body
rotating shell
rotating star
rotational velocity
rotation
r-process
RRab star
RRa star
RRb star
RRc star
RR Lyrae star
RR Telescopii star
RS Canum Venaticorum star
R star
rubidium
runaway star
ruthenium
rutherfordium
RV Tauri star
RW Aurigae star
Saha equation
samarium
sampling
Saros cycle
satellite-borne instrument
satellite laser ranging
satellite
Saturn
SBF distance
scale height
scandium
scattering
Schmidt camera
Schmidt telescope
Schwarzschild metric
Schwarzschild radius
scientific field
scintillation counter
scintillation
S Doradus star
seaborgium
search for extraterrestrial life
seasonal phenomena
season
secondary cosmic ray
secondary mirror
secondary star
secular parallax
seeing monitor
seeing
segmented optics
seismology
selection effect
selective absorption
selenium
selenology
self-absorption
self-calibration method
semi-barium star
semiconductor device
semi-detached binary star
semimajor axis
semiminor axis
semi-regular variable star
sensitivity
sensitometer
separation
sextant
Seyfert galaxy
Seyfert nucleus
S galaxy
shadow band
shaped reflector
shell burning
shell
shell star
shepherd satellite
shock
shock wave
short period variable star
shot noise
shutter
sidelobe
sidereal time
siderostat
sigma8
signal analysis
signal detection
signal processing
signal-to-noise ratio
silicon burning
silicon monoxide
silicon
silicon star
silver coating
silver
simulation
singularity
SiO maser
site protection
site testing
sky brightness
sky noise
sky
sky survey
slit mask
Sloan photometry
slow nova
Small Magellanic Cloud
sodium
soft gamma-ray repeater
solar activity
solar atmosphere
solar constant
solar corona
solar cycle
solar day
solar eclipse
solar filament
solar interior
solar motion
solar nebula
solar neutrino problem
solar observatory
solar optical telescope
solar oscillation
solar parallax
solar physics
solar-planetary relation
solar radio telescope
solar
solar storm
solar surface
Solar System
solar telescope
solar-terrestrial relation
solar wind
solstice
sound speed
source
South Celestial Pole
South Ecliptic Pole
southern hemisphere
South Galactic Pole
space astrometry
space astronomy
space biology
space debris
space exploration
space geodesy
space law
space motion
space observatory
space pollution
space probe instrument
space probe
space research
space
space telescope
space-time curvature
space-time singularity
space vehicle
special theory of relativity
speckle interferometry
speckle
spectral band
spectral classification
spectral index
spectral line
spectral resolution
spectral type
spectrograph slit
spectrograph
spectrography
spectroheliograph
spectrophotometer
spectrophotometry
spectroscopic analysis
spectroscopic binary star
spectroscopy
spectrum
spectrum variable star
spherical aberration
spherical coordinate
SPH simulation
spicule
spiral arm
spiral galaxy
s-process
S star
stability
standard candle
standard epoch
standard star
star association
star atlas
starburst galaxy
star cluster
star count
star distribution
star formation
Stark broadening
starspot
star
statistical parallax
statistical relation
statistics
steady-state theory
stellar atmosphere
stellar black hole
stellar dynamics
stellar evolution
stellar interior
stellar motion
stellar object
stellar oscillation
stellar population
stellar ring
stellar
stellar structure
stellar wind
stimulated emission
stimulated radiation
stokes parameter
stratopause
stratosphere
streak photography
streamer
stroboscope
Stromgren photometry
Stromgren sphere
strong gravitational lensing
strong interaction
strontium star
strontium
structure
subdwarf
subgiant
subluminous star
submillimeter astronomy
submillimeter radiation
subreflector
sulfur
summer solstice
Sun
sunlight
sunspot cycle
sunspot group
sunspot number
sunspot
Sunyaev-Zeldovich effect
supercluster
superconducting tunnel junction
supergalactic coordinate system
supergalactic latitude
supergalactic longitude
supergiant
supergranulation
superhump
supermassive star
supernova envelope
supernova remnant
supernova
support system
surface brightness
surface gravity
surface of celestial body
surface photometry
surface property
survey
SU Ursae Majoris star
S Vulpeculae star
Swan band
SX Arietis star
SX Phoenicis star
symbiotic nova
symbiotic star
symbol
synchronous detector
synchronous rotation
synchrotron radiation
synodic period
system
syzygy
tail
tangential velocity
tantalum
t array
T association
taxonomy
T dwarf
teaching in astronomy
technetium line
technetium star
technetium
tektite
telescope array
telescope construction
telescope design
telescope instrument
telescope mirror
telescope mounting
telescope
television camera
television detector
television
telluric line
tellurium
temperature control
temperature distribution
temperature effect
temperature fluctuation
temperature scale
temperature
temperature zone
terbium
terminator line
terrestrial radiation
tertiary mirror
tertiary star
testing
thallium
theoretical astrophysics
theory
thermal conductivity
thermal emission
thermal equilibrium
thermal history
thermal instability
thermal property
thermal radiation
thermal stability
thermal structure
thermionic emission
thermodynamic equilibrium
thermodynamics
thermoluminescence
thermonuclear reaction
thermosphere
thickness
thin film
Thomson scattering
thorium
three-body problem
three-dimensional spectroscopy
three-dimensional spectrum
thulium
tidal disruption
tidal distortion
tidal friction
tidal interaction
tidal radius
tide
time measurement
time-resolved spectroscopy
time signal
time standard
time synchronization
time
timing equipment
tin
tip-tilt mirror
titanium oxide
titanium
topography
torus
total eclipse
trace element
tracking
trajectory
transfer function
transit circle
transit instrument
transition probability
transition region
transit telescope
transit time
transit
transmission grating
transmission
trans-Neptunian object
transparency
transplutonian planet
transport process
transverse velocity
trigonometric parallax
triple star
tritium
Trojan group
tropical year
Tropic of Cancer
Tropic of Capricorn
tropopause
troposphere
true anomaly
true position
T subdwarf
T Tauri star
Tully-Fisher relation
tungsten
turbidity
turbulence Earth atmosphere
turbulence star atmosphere
turnoff point
twilight
two-body problem
two-color diagram
two-color photometry
two-dimensional detector
two-dimensional spectroscopy
two-dimensional spectrum
two-spectrum binary star
Type Ia supernova
Type Ib supernova
Type Ic supernova
Type II supernova
U Geminorum star
ultraviolet astronomy
ultraviolet background
ultraviolet camera
ultraviolet color
ultraviolet continuum
ultraviolet detector
ultraviolet excess star
ultraviolet extinction
ultraviolet filter
ultraviolet line
ultraviolet luminosity
ultraviolet observatory
ultraviolet photography
ultraviolet photometry
ultraviolet radiation
ultraviolet source
ultraviolet spectrograph
ultraviolet survey
ultraviolet telescope
ultraviolet
U magnitude
umbra
underabundance
unit
Universal Time
universe
unsharp masking
upper atmosphere
upsilon Sagittarii star
uranium
Uranus
urca process
UT1
UU Herculis star
UV Ceti star
UV Persei star
UX Ursae Majoris star
vacuum technique
vacuum
vanadium
van Allen radiation belt
vapor deposition
variability
variable source
variable star
velocity curve
velocity dispersion
velocity distribution
velocity ellipsoid
velocity field
velocity of light
velocity space
velocity
ventilation
Venus
vernal equinox
vertical circle
Very Large Array
very large telescope
very long baseline interferometer
very long baseline interferometry
vibrational spectrum
vibration
vignetting
Vilnius photometry
virial theorem
virtual observatory
viscosity
visibility function
visible radiation
visible spectrum
vision
visual acuity
visual binary star
visual magnitude
visual observation
V magnitude
Voigt profile
volatile
volcano
von Zeipel theorem
VPH grating
VY Sculpturis star
Walraven photometry
water ice
water maser
water vapor
water
waveform analysis
waveguide
wavelength
wave motion
wave propagation
wave
WCN star
WC star
weak G band star
weak gravitational lensing
weak interaction
weak-line T Tauri star
weather station
webcam
white dwarf
white hole
wide-angle lens
wide binary star
wide-field telescope
Wilson-Bappu effect
Wilson effect
window
wind vane
winter solstice
WN star
Wolf diagram
Wolf-Rayet star
WR star
W Ursae Majoris star
W Virginis star
WZ Sagittae star
xenon
X-ray absorption
X-ray astronomy
X-ray background
X-ray binary star
X-ray bright point
X-ray burst
X-ray continuum
X-ray detector
X-ray diffraction
X-ray emission
X-ray flare
X-ray fluorescence
X-ray identification
X-ray line
X-ray luminosity
X-ray map
X-ray nova
X-ray observatory
X-ray polarization
X-ray pulsar
X-ray quasar
X-ray radiation
X-ray scattering
X-ray source
X-ray spectrograph
X-ray spectroscopy
X-ray spectrum
X-ray star
X-ray structure
X-ray survey
X-ray telescope
X-ray transient
Yagi antenna
y array
year
Yerkes classification
yoke mounting
young disk Cepheid
young star cluster
young star
ytterbium
yttrium
Z Andromedae star
Z Camelopardalis star
Zeeman splitting
zenith distance
zenith hourly rate
zenith telescope
zenith tube
zenith
zero-age horizontal branch
zero-age main sequence
zero point
zinc
zirconium star
zirconium
zodiacal dust cloud
zodiacal dust
zodiacal light
zodiac
zone of totality
ZZ Ceti star